Hello Student Presenters for the Winter 2020 CSS Colloquium!!

As you know, the University of Washington (all three campuses) are now
teaching and conducting all courses and meetings via Zoom/on-line
methods until further notice as our community responds to the
coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak.  So, for this quarter we will conduct
all CSS capstone presentations via Zoom in a live meeting.

First, you should take a look at the CSS Colloquium public page is at
http://bit.ly/css2020winter (Links to an external site.) to see the
overview of the format -- and note the information that will be
required from each of you to fill out this schedule.

Carefully follow the instructions below, and you will be ready!

Students -- What you need to do:

Review the guidelines for posters and presentation at http://courses.washington.edu/css497/ (Links to an external site.)

Submit you Presentation via Canvas > Assignments

Submit your Poster via Canvas > Assignments. All posters will be
publicly available. You do not have to print your poster unless your
supervisor has explicitly asked you to print it.

Submit your abstract via this Google Form (Links to an external site.)

Test presenting via Zoom

You will have a maximum of 13 minutes for your presentation and
questions. You should make your poster as the last slide of your
presentation. If inserting your poster into your presentation is not
possible, switch to a full screen of viewing the pdf of your
poster. We want to make sure everybody has seen your poster.

Make sure you are wearing headphones, so you do not get an echo when
answering questions If possible, choose an appropriate "virtual
background" on Zoom such as virtual-colloquium-background-empty.jpg or
edit virtual-colloquium-background.pptx . If a virtual background is
not possible, make sure that the background to your video stream is
plain and not distracting.

Dress appropriately. Dressing up a little bit for the presentation
will give you a confidence boost and make your presentation more
professional.

All the presentations will be recorded.

If you do not have a computer with a working camera and microphone,
you can check out a laptop from UWB IT or borrow a computer from a
friend. If you do not have a stable home internet connection, you can
do your presentation from the library.

On Thursday, Mar 19, 12:00pm check that the CSS Colloquium public page
has been updated with your name, abstract and other deta ils are
correct. If there are any mistakes, email pisan@uw.edu

On Friday, Mar 20, attend presentations and present your capstone
work!  As part of the on-line Question and answer section, we ask that
you also provide a brief overview of your poster time permitting.  So
be ready to share it on line as well.

Note: Your faculty advisor, other faculty, students and community
members will be invited to attend the colloquium, so be professional
and consider it as a unique opportunity to demonstrate your great work
and findings in a format that is being commonly-used in the
workplace/industry.

We look forward to your presentations!!

On behalf of the CSS faculty, staff, students and sponsors,

Prof. Bill Erdly, CSS Chair

Prof. Yusuf Pisan

Janet McDaniel, STEM Capstone Coordinator
